['\n\n  Update after 10 months: love this phone due to 3 reasons - Awesome Display, Extremely fast, Mind-blowing audio playback through my Jabra wireless bud. Many of us overlooked audio quality in a phone but I think its very useful as we also used our phone as a Mp3 player on the go. I am surprised to see the quality of high definition audio it gives when comparing to my existing S7 and S8 Galaxy premium phones. This is the best audio and best display I have seen since I use a mobile. Now 7T pro available at 37k including 5k Amazon offer with my HDFC card discount. Feels like I should have wait for another 8 months to get it 10k cheaper. I paid 43k just for 7pro. I believe 7 Pro and 7T Pro was the last best phones offered by OnePlus when price, quality and specifications concerned.\n\n', "\n\n  This is my personal experience I am sharing. After 10days of purchase,  the phone got hanged during call, and the system didn't work for half an hour,not even power and reboot button. The problem recurred after 1 week.  After investing this big amount for a phone,  this kind of experience really gets you into trouble.Also,  would advice Amazon to extend return timeline and should give 1 month for these kind of products, as these are big investment for the user.\n\n", "\n\n  Worst camera quality...... I thought I m getting the best phone but it's the worst one.... Plz do go for this mobile. With the amount of hype they made in media it's just a wastage of money. This is not a trusted brand to go for. Even I don't like to one star rest of the phone in the market will give the best phone with lots of features like vivo, oppo or Samsung. I raised a compliant with the tech team and will take it media for cheating us. I suggest all who are having the same problem take this to media in all forum, so that this company oneplus will understand and will do the needful. If not we have lots of ways to make them understand and return our money.\n\n", "\n\n  1. ScreenOMG. Use this Hulk once and you see all the other devices as tiny toddlers. Screen is the next Generation feature and it's absolute delight to watch youtube on this.2. Oxygen OSConfigurable. Sleek. Ease of use. It's addictive3. Top notch configWeather it's 12 GB RAM, 256 GB ROM or 30 htz Warm charging. It's top notch industry leading configuration. What more you will ask for?No wireless charging. No IP certification. Not required and no body cares.OnePlus becomes a market leader with this dream phone.\n\n", '\n\n  I use 4 finger claw for Pubg and at random times the screen glitches for no particular reason. There are glitches of different type:1. Sometimes the place where my buttons are on screen, they get clicked even when my fingers are no where near it.2. Sometimes I have to have a finger tapping on the middle of the screen otherwise the buttons at the top left edges wont activate no matter how many times I tap.3. Sometimes buttons wont work all together.All these glitches happen at random. Sometimes the phone will be working fine and other times it just goes to hell. So playing competitive for which I bought such an expensive phone is defeated.Pros:Camera.Dunno, failed almost all my expectations.Cons:Pop up camera.Refer Pros.With no apps running in background and only wifi on 24x7 and no one using the phone, the battery last 2-2.5 days...with no usage. If you are using the phone with something like wifi or data or location (any one, never-mind two of these) on at all times, you are looking at at least one time charging the phone at eveningSincerely Disappointed,One plus user.\n\n', '\n\n  This is my biggest mistake to buy Chinese Mobile phone.In future I will avoid to buy any Item which is belong to China as China has attacked on my nation and my countrymen and brave soldiers are martyred for the pride of my nation.I would request Amazon to avoid selling of chinese product in India to respect our National emotions.Request to all other Indians not to Buy Chinese Products.Nothing is important than National Pride.\n\n', "\n\n  I am writing this review after using two months , and using means playing pubg , listening music, 52 apps running in background i.e heavy usage of 8GB RAM. and I would say Phone is awesome with good battery life and i won't feel bored while using 90Hz refresh  rate with a crisp 1,440-pixel resolution.By refreshing 90 frames a second, things like scrolling through web pages and apps feels really fluid.So, here are my perspective :Advantages :1. Photos are clear, bright and vibrant and I'm impressed with the camera's HDR rendering.2.Buttery smooth and notchless 90Hz display.3.thanks to Oneplus for giving Wrap charger which charges the phone Superfast 55 mins.4.Talking of durability, there is Gorilla Glass 5 on front and back, but please have a screen protector .5.There is no heating issue while playing games or charging the battery.6.Over all Build Quality is premium , but slight slippery while holding it .7. AMOLED display which is very the best at this price range .Disadvantages:1.Questionable pop-up camera durability, mechanics is good but i really don't know what will happen while keeping in pocket or while taking pics outside.2.there are Dolby powered stereo speakers that output rich audio but no head phone Jack which means either u need to buy blue tooth headphone or a usb type c connector to headphone which is easily available in amazon (but can buy in cheap rate @ 59 outside ).3. Phone is Big and Bulky (which is manageable as it's a metal body).4.No water resistance rating ad wireless charging, which according to me is not required as it gives u an Additional Warranty of One year without extra charging  . No Mobile Company provides us 2 year of warranty .Hope this will be helpful , I would suggest just go for it who are the heavy user and don't want to purchase phone every year or who got annoyed of unusual notification from OS or pre-installed apps as It's a Nearly stock Android .\n\n", '\n\n  This is the best phone I ever had from one plus. Following are the pros and corns. Let me start with pros followed by corns next :Pros :1). Best in class display.  It has overtaken even the Samsung phones. However it’s AMOLED panel is made by Samsung.2).  Best camera experience. Better than Samsung S10.3).  90 Hz refresh rate on the screen. First in its segment.4). Dash Charge :  hi speed charging, achieves 100%  within an hour.5). Battery lasts for more than a day for medium to heavy usage with data on.6). Does not heat up so it’s predecessors as it comes with liquid cooling panel. Ideal for heavy gamers.Corns :1).  The device is very heavy it weighs around 210 g2). Very slippery in nature Due to its glossy finish. Back cover is must.3).  Does not fit properly in your front pocket Due to its oversize.4). Though it is made out of glass, it does not support wireless charging.5).  Does not have 3.5 MM audio jack. You need to connect wireless through Bluetooth device or through type C wired headset.\n\n', '\n\n  Its my second week for Oneplus 7 PRO.I prefer this phone over Oneplus 8.I am not a camera person. So my reviews do not include camera stuff.Pros :Curved screen is NOT an issue. No "ghost" touches.Indeed water proof. I spilled water over screen and no isuses in camera, display, touch pad, screen.90Hz refresh rate is very fast.QHD+ makes the display so crystal clear.The Oxygen OS is so smooth.Warp charge is fasttt.It not such a heavyweight phone as mentioned on YouTube.Cons:If we use 90Hz refresh rate and QHD+ for all day.Ut drains battery.\n\n', "\n\n  The battery back up on the so called 4000 mAh is only 7 hours. This 7 hours is with just 20 minutes screen usage.Raised a replacement request with Amazon. The technician who was supposed to visit on the scheduled day called up and mentioned that battery issue can come up because of apps and also the screen resolution. I have been using one plus 5t and it lasted 20-25 hours with the same usage and same applications. I had to put all my applications in optimise in the 7 pro to keep the battery last till evening. My friends using one plus 7 (not the pro) did not face any issue and their batteries lasted for over 20 hours.The worst part on Amazon's side is that the technician did not turn up and I got an email saying I was not reachable. When I contacted the technician he mentioned that he was busy with other customers and so he turned down my req. Now Amazon calls me back the next day from some unknown number and asks me for my details to place this technician request.Why playing cheap tactics to avoid replacement amazon by extending the dates ?\n\n", '\n\n  Update after 10 months: love this phone due to 3 reasons - Awesome Display, Extremely fast, Mind-blowing audio playback through my Jabra wireless bud. Many of us overlooked audio quality in a phone but I think its very useful as we also used our phone as a Mp3 player on the go. I am surprised to see the quality of high definition audio it gives when comparing to my existing S7 and S8 Galaxy premium phones. This is the best audio and best display I have seen since I use a mobile. Now 7T pro available at 37k including 5k Amazon offer with my HDFC card discount. Feels like I should have wait for another 8 months to get it 10k cheaper. I paid 43k just for 7pro. I believe 7 Pro and 7T Pro was the last best phones offered by OnePlus when price, quality and specifications concerned.\n\n', "\n\n  This is my personal experience I am sharing. After 10days of purchase,  the phone got hanged during call, and the system didn't work for half an hour,not even power and reboot button. The problem recurred after 1 week.  After investing this big amount for a phone,  this kind of experience really gets you into trouble.Also,  would advice Amazon to extend return timeline and should give 1 month for these kind of products, as these are big investment for the user.\n\n", "\n\n  Worst camera quality...... I thought I m getting the best phone but it's the worst one.... Plz do go for this mobile. With the amount of hype they made in media it's just a wastage of money. This is not a trusted brand to go for. Even I don't like to one star rest of the phone in the market will give the best phone with lots of features like vivo, oppo or Samsung. I raised a compliant with the tech team and will take it media for cheating us. I suggest all who are having the same problem take this to media in all forum, so that this company oneplus will understand and will do the needful. If not we have lots of ways to make them understand and return our money.\n\n", "\n\n  1. ScreenOMG. Use this Hulk once and you see all the other devices as tiny toddlers. Screen is the next Generation feature and it's absolute delight to watch youtube on this.2. Oxygen OSConfigurable. Sleek. Ease of use. It's addictive3. Top notch configWeather it's 12 GB RAM, 256 GB ROM or 30 htz Warm charging. It's top notch industry leading configuration. What more you will ask for?No wireless charging. No IP certification. Not required and no body cares.OnePlus becomes a market leader with this dream phone.\n\n", '\n\n  I use 4 finger claw for Pubg and at random times the screen glitches for no particular reason. There are glitches of different type:1. Sometimes the place where my buttons are on screen, they get clicked even when my fingers are no where near it.2. Sometimes I have to have a finger tapping on the middle of the screen otherwise the buttons at the top left edges wont activate no matter how many times I tap.3. Sometimes buttons wont work all together.All these glitches happen at random. Sometimes the phone will be working fine and other times it just goes to hell. So playing competitive for which I bought such an expensive phone is defeated.Pros:Camera.Dunno, failed almost all my expectations.Cons:Pop up camera.Refer Pros.With no apps running in background and only wifi on 24x7 and no one using the phone, the battery last 2-2.5 days...with no usage. If you are using the phone with something like wifi or data or location (any one, never-mind two of these) on at all times, you are looking at at least one time charging the phone at eveningSincerely Disappointed,One plus user.\n\n', '\n\n  This is my biggest mistake to buy Chinese Mobile phone.In future I will avoid to buy any Item which is belong to China as China has attacked on my nation and my countrymen and brave soldiers are martyred for the pride of my nation.I would request Amazon to avoid selling of chinese product in India to respect our National emotions.Request to all other Indians not to Buy Chinese Products.Nothing is important than National Pride.\n\n', "\n\n  I am writing this review after using two months , and using means playing pubg , listening music, 52 apps running in background i.e heavy usage of 8GB RAM. and I would say Phone is awesome with good battery life and i won't feel bored while using 90Hz refresh  rate with a crisp 1,440-pixel resolution.By refreshing 90 frames a second, things like scrolling through web pages and apps feels really fluid.So, here are my perspective :Advantages :1. Photos are clear, bright and vibrant and I'm impressed with the camera's HDR rendering.2.Buttery smooth and notchless 90Hz display.3.thanks to Oneplus for giving Wrap charger which charges the phone Superfast 55 mins.4.Talking of durability, there is Gorilla Glass 5 on front and back, but please have a screen protector .5.There is no heating issue while playing games or charging the battery.6.Over all Build Quality is premium , but slight slippery while holding it .7. AMOLED display which is very the best at this price range .Disadvantages:1.Questionable pop-up camera durability, mechanics is good but i really don't know what will happen while keeping in pocket or while taking pics outside.2.there are Dolby powered stereo speakers that output rich audio but no head phone Jack which means either u need to buy blue tooth headphone or a usb type c connector to headphone which is easily available in amazon (but can buy in cheap rate @ 59 outside ).3. Phone is Big and Bulky (which is manageable as it's a metal body).4.No water resistance rating ad wireless charging, which according to me is not required as it gives u an Additional Warranty of One year without extra charging  . No Mobile Company provides us 2 year of warranty .Hope this will be helpful , I would suggest just go for it who are the heavy user and don't want to purchase phone every year or who got annoyed of unusual notification from OS or pre-installed apps as It's a Nearly stock Android .\n\n", '\n\n  This is the best phone I ever had from one plus. Following are the pros and corns. Let me start with pros followed by corns next :Pros :1). Best in class display.  It has overtaken even the Samsung phones. However it’s AMOLED panel is made by Samsung.2).  Best camera experience. Better than Samsung S10.3).  90 Hz refresh rate on the screen. First in its segment.4). Dash Charge :  hi speed charging, achieves 100%  within an hour.5). Battery lasts for more than a day for medium to heavy usage with data on.6). Does not heat up so it’s predecessors as it comes with liquid cooling panel. Ideal for heavy gamers.Corns :1).  The device is very heavy it weighs around 210 g2). Very slippery in nature Due to its glossy finish. Back cover is must.3).  Does not fit properly in your front pocket Due to its oversize.4). Though it is made out of glass, it does not support wireless charging.5).  Does not have 3.5 MM audio jack. You need to connect wireless through Bluetooth device or through type C wired headset.\n\n', '\n\n  Its my second week for Oneplus 7 PRO.I prefer this phone over Oneplus 8.I am not a camera person. So my reviews do not include camera stuff.Pros :Curved screen is NOT an issue. No "ghost" touches.Indeed water proof. I spilled water over screen and no isuses in camera, display, touch pad, screen.90Hz refresh rate is very fast.QHD+ makes the display so crystal clear.The Oxygen OS is so smooth.Warp charge is fasttt.It not such a heavyweight phone as mentioned on YouTube.Cons:If we use 90Hz refresh rate and QHD+ for all day.Ut drains battery.\n\n', "\n\n  The battery back up on the so called 4000 mAh is only 7 hours. This 7 hours is with just 20 minutes screen usage.Raised a replacement request with Amazon. The technician who was supposed to visit on the scheduled day called up and mentioned that battery issue can come up because of apps and also the screen resolution. I have been using one plus 5t and it lasted 20-25 hours with the same usage and same applications. I had to put all my applications in optimise in the 7 pro to keep the battery last till evening. My friends using one plus 7 (not the pro) did not face any issue and their batteries lasted for over 20 hours.The worst part on Amazon's side is that the technician did not turn up and I got an email saying I was not reachable. When I contacted the technician he mentioned that he was busy with other customers and so he turned down my req. Now Amazon calls me back the next day from some unknown number and asks me for my details to place this technician request.Why playing cheap tactics to avoid replacement amazon by extending the dates ?\n\n"]